welcome to another question and answer
some people left a bunch of questions
for us pond the just car insurance
Facebook photo really just like it when
he does that and so we're going to
answer some of your questions yes who's
the first question from Martin the first
question is from Andrew cook and it is
how do I bleed my cooling system
properly we've done that a few times
about 11 we but we probably haven't
gotten into a lot of detail that's right
what you have to do it pretty much every
time you open something that involves a
cooling system have to do it so that's
changing in turbo or radiator or an
engine swap and yeah basically by
bleeding you want to blow the air out so
something water in there because water
the air doesn't call your engine only
water does unless you've got to be
dubbed from way back yeah then air calls
it George um but the idea is basically
to get the radiator cap at the highest
point because the air will go to the
highest point and um yeah you can also
get bleed bucket things which is like an
upside-down bottle that puts extra fluid
in and then the error eyes stop and
bubbles out we have covered that in a
couple of different episodes I think
than the one has you get on the 180 yeah
we also did like the fluid change
episode I think maybe here's a crazy
idea though probably the best thirty
forty or fifty dollars you can spend get
a hangs manual for your car all that
stuff really detailed doesn't make very
exciting videos but it makes good
information to have you give me the
haynes manual and they dominate us in
that in the bedroom ok the next question
is from chris caffery and he wants to
know how do I fiber fiberglass
fiberglass I think you meant fiberglass
a bummer well it's very very similar to
bogging about we've done a whole episode
which is called bumper up here we did on
an S 15 I don't know if he means make a
bumper bar which or if he means repair a
bumper bars or five minutes fiberglass
it so I'm interviewers to try and do a
repair you're going to sand it back try
and fix the damage as much as you can if
it's bog you get a load in bit by bit
I'm not putting a whole cake load in
there really really thin ah maybe two or
three coats harden up we've covered that
in a video if it's fiberglass is
basically exactly the same thing so
there's actually fibers of glass to make
it hard and stiff try and get like the
matting and you put the matting on then
you paint the resin stuff makes it super
hard if you want to make a bump ball you
have to make molds and plugs in another
more
that's that's a whole other different
thing which is very involved but there's
a lot of it lost people done so chicken
you go change someone on you should win
it on that so yeah check it out fun
glasses weird when it gets in your skin
yeah yeah that's done boat factory I
have quickly clean it all the bits ruin
me yeah yes I was gonna boat harmless so
this is from Daniel Frank Nielsen three
names oh um are you going to return to
your favorite brand of vehicles nice yes
maybe maybe maybe we will I don't know
we've got the 10 neither we have access
to any time I've got the Pfizer which is
mad buddy has his um that thing and he's
got a few cars including the blue toad
so there's some ah yes gonna say yes cuz
one day I'm gonna have an r35 gt-r hey
but when they're really cheap when
they're the same cost as an r32 is now
yea r r & b order well think we'll fix
that um so this is from Raymondo mot so
that's like no mother mad i love that it
sounds like the name of the delicious
crispy snack well done right past the
Raymondo matzah you dip your biscuit in
and you I reckon the V in Italian
biscuit I was imagining it was a pesto a
biscuit okay um he wants to know what
are the worst car experience you to have
ever had driving a camaro that's it if
you ever thought you had a bad driving
experience drive one of them I can tell
you the most um the scariest driving
experience for me and that was driving a
DeLorean and it was heartbreaking look
at it think it's so cool you drive it is
actually scary fry doesn't turn Douglas
you ought they should have done they
should have got rights in like that
would hate her that heats better
experience wouldn't it yeah it's
literally like yeah that Colts would end
they should have made it so you could go
around the corner in it yeah you got
cold to it like I was anxious very
anxious I'm else there to rear car yeah
Cheryl with you know oh she wouldn't get
him she was too scared oh really yeah
well pushed him she's got a few years on
she's all right this is our final
question for a question button from any
Lowen with an e to it he's actually yeah
if you could have one car for the rest
of your life yes would be um I think we
should do it on three really one top of
the rest of your life in only one cup
yeah all right this is what I reckon
we'll get the same car yeah he ready
okay one two three died six wagon
DeLorean yeah you just said those the
worst experience yeah I'm going to get
what I'm gonna like make it fly now
they're rad do something flying or else
be driving easier not being Sadie egg
balls sorry nothing silly if you could
only have one car you have it alone
really yeah it's a yes yeah I'm just
saying I'm gonna say Z electric one on
usual habit does Skeets it's awesome yet
rs6 wagon that's really smart you can
like carry no wine cuz you are DeLorean
with my DeLoreans broken which would be
all the time I hey dude can I borrow
your estate wagon yeah I'll go and do
helis in your car oh yeah on the track
this only place you should ever do
exactly not on the road um there it is
question and answers aren't make sure
you follow my two loads of course
YouTube for such mighty car mods ah
facebook com for such mighty car mods
thank you to Jessica um and thank you to
you Martin thank you to you I think we
should go and eat a biscuit a Raymondo
not so biscuit made out of tofu